Oh
it's like the fantasy you always have as
a kid everywhere is an amazing shot an
amazing character
it's about the humanity of it which just
makes the whole thing so real
ready Archer your hearts beating and
you're actually in this situation you
get something very genuine that you can
the plant you'll actually compose shots
that if we were on a green screen set
you just wouldn't have known we're
available fresh is so high like we're
making a film that's right
touching my favorite movie of all time
but then if you're too respectful of it
that you didn't do anything new or
different take a risk then what are you
bringing to the table
kill Santa down there
I mean this is really where a film crew
like this really comes into their own
about kids when you were four years old
grew up with Star Wars figures it's a
bit like just being that kid again
may the force be with us